- [Instructor] In this lesson, we're going
to sign up for a SwaggerHub account,
so that we can start building API definitions
or you can create a new user account.
That's the route I'm going to go,
so let's create the H plus
sport
user, and then I'm going
to use a gmail address that I have,
and then specify a password for the account.
Once we've provided all those details,
go ahead and hit sign up.
Then it's going to ask us
to invite collaborators.
So if you had team members that were going
now's the point where you would invite them.
so I'm just going to continue to my account.
And then it's going to build out our account,
and you'll notice we are prompted
to either create or import a new API.
We're going to actually create an API,
and this is going to open a dialogue box
where we can provide some high-level metadata
about the API definition we'd like to create.
Now one thing that's very important
is make sure you're always choosing
open API version three point O
throughout the course.
The next option we have is to specify a template,
so this is kind of a kick starter
for us to get started building our API definitions,
and we're going to use the simple API template.
And the
next
item is the name of the API definition
which we're going to specify as customer.
You'll notice that our H Plus Sport Organization
is specified as the owning organization
of this API definition,
and the visibility's set to private,
as well as the auto-mocking feature's enabled.
So with these configuration options selected,
let's go ahead and create the API,
and then Swagger's going to start building it
and it launches us right into
this editor section of SwaggerHub.
So on the left hand side, you'll see that we can
navigate through the different operations
within our API definition file.
And then in the center, we have the editor
which actually has the API definition.
And then on the right,
we have the interactive API documentation.
Now, in SwaggerHub we are also able to customize
some of the settings in the editor.
So I'm going to switch this over to the light mode
and then increase the font size.
On the left hand side, you'll notice
that we can hide or show different areas of the screen.
So for example, if I wanted to hide the navigation,
I can click on this little compass here,
and now we have a wider editor.
So this is how I'm going to leave the editor set up
throughout the course, so you have a better view
of the work we're doing.
At this point, we've configured our Swagger editor
within SwaggerHub platform, and we're ready
to get started building out our APIs.